Add SD Card Formatting instructions (#181)
bluerobotics/ardusub-gitbook: quick-start/installing-ardusub.md

> **Info** This setup only works with lights that are controllable with a servo PWM pulse, such as the Blue Robotics [*Lumen* Lights](http://www.bluerobotics.com/store/electronics/lumen-light-r1/).

<img src="/images/reference/reference-ardusub-lights.png" class="img-responsive img-center" />

# SD Card Formatting

> The SD card is where the ArduSub stores its dataflash logs. It should be formatted as a FAT/exFAT/FAT32 partition. If it gets corrupted or has a different filesystem, you should format it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SD card inside of the autopilot (eg Pixhawk) is where ArduSub stores its [dataflash logs](reference/data-logging.html#dataflash-logs). It should be formatted as a FAT/exFAT/FAT32 partition. If it gets corrupted or has a different filesystem, you should format it.
```

	</div>
	<!--
	<div style="display:inline-block">
	<button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" onclick="{ document.getElementById('macDiv').style.display = 'block'; document.getElementById('windowsDiv').style.display = 'none'; document.getElementById('linuxDiv').style.display = 'none'; }">Mac</a>
	</div>
	-->
	<div style="display:inline-block">
	<button type="button" class="btn btn-primary" onclick="{ document.getElementById('linuxDiv').style.display = 'block'; document.getElementById('macDiv').style.display = 'none'; document.getElementById('windowsDiv').style.display = 'none'; }">Linux</a>
	</div>
</div>

<!-- Markdown doesn't load properly inside hidden divs, hence the img tags -->

<div id="windowsDiv" style="display:none">

 1. Open "My Computer" and find the drive for your SD card (it will only be name "ArduSub" if you named it so in a previous formatting). Right click it and choose "Format".

<p> <img src="../images/quick-start/formatting/windows-1.jpg" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:800px"> </p>

>  2. A This GUI will open. Here you can pick a name for the Volume (this will only show when connected via an SD card reader to your PC). Pick the "exFAT" option and then click Start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. This GUI will open. Here you can pick a name for the Volume (this will only show when connected via an SD card reader to your PC). Pick the "exFAT" option and then click Start.
```

<p> <img src="../images/quick-start/formatting/windows-2.jpg" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:800px"> </p>

 3. Verify all the information and click "OK":

<p> <img src="../images/quick-start/formatting/windows-3.jpg" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:800px"> </p>

>  4. The SD card will be formatted. Once the formatting is finished, click "OK", eject the SD card, and place it back on the Pixhawk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 4. The SD card will be formatted. Once the formatting is finished, click "OK", eject the SD card, and place it back in the Pixhawk.
```

>  4. The SD card will be formatted. Once the formatting is finished, click "OK", eject the SD card, and place it back on the Pixhawk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 4. The SD card will be formatted. Once the formatting is finished, click "OK", eject the SD card, and place it back in the auotpilot.
```

<p> <img src="../images/quick-start/formatting/windows-4.jpg" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:800px"> </p>

</div>
<div id="macDiv" style="display:none">

</div>
<div id="linuxDiv" style="display:none">

 1. Open your file browser and find the SD card in the left bar. Right click it and chose "format".

<p> <img src="../images/quick-start/formatting/ubuntu-1.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:800px"> </p>

>  2. A This GUI will open. Here you can pick a name for the Volume (this will only show when connected via an SD card reader to your PC). Pick the "FAT" option and then click Next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. This GUI will open. Here you can pick a name for the Volume (this will only show when connected via an SD card reader to your PC). Pick the "FAT" option and then click Next.
```

<p> <img src="../images/quick-start/formatting/ubuntu-2.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:800px"> </p>

 3. Verify all the information and click "Format":

<p> <img src="../images/quick-start/formatting/ubuntu-3.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-width:800px"> </p>

>  4. After it is done, eject the SD card, disconnect it from your computer, and insert it into the Pixhawk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 4. After it is done, eject the SD card, disconnect it from your computer, and insert it into the autopilot.
```
